Adding Policy Field Count Expression Support (#1480)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/CHANGELOG-v1.md

  - Deployment:
    - Check for secure values in outputs by @BernieWhite.
      [#297](https://github.com/Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure/issues/297)
- New features:

>   - Added more field count expression support for Azure Policy JSON rules by @ArmaanMcleod. [microsoft/PSRule#1024](https://github.com/microsoft/PSRule/issues/1024)

Reviewer: Lets link to this one instead.

```suggestion
  - Added more field count expression support for Azure Policy JSON rules by @ArmaanMcleod.
    [#181](https://github.com/Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure/issues/181)
```
